desperation is growing by the day with
Hunger becoming unbearable for many
across
Gaza thousands of Palestinians surround
a truck delivering Aid in Gaza City but
there's not enough for
everyone famine is now a reality for
many and health workers warn it's one
that will likely get
worse the situation is tragic the word
famine doesn't do Justice the word
misery isn't enough people are eating
fodder they're eating animals our water
electricity and internet has been cut
food and flour is limited surviving is
just so
challenging many displaced families who
have lost everything over the last three
months have to wait for days for a
single sack of
flour we don't have jobs and we don't
have money the price of a sack of flour
used to be $10 now it's sold for $200 we
came here to face death just for the
sake of having one bag of
flour some people have been killed while
waiting for Aid the Gaza Health Ministry
says Israeli forces recently killed at
least 20 Palestinians who were lined up
and waiting for food deliveries a sense
of Despair is
spreading we are starving we have to eat
animal food we don't care about death
anymore they can kill me I just want to
have a bag of flour to give my family
with little to no chance of getting
flour some people are using animal
fodder to make their bread that's until
it also Runs Out Palestinian workers say
their options are
Vanishing if you go out to get flour you
will die and if you stay at home you
will also die from Hunger we started
eating rice and lentils and now the rice
has run
out un officials say a quarter of gsa's
population of 2.3 million men women and
children is facing starvation and as the
war continues more Palestinians are
likely to face a similar
fate Kia Lopez oan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer